javier hernández [Applause]
just like in mexico city criminals go crazy
[Applause] and only two men can stop them
[Music] action
your style [Music]
soccer balls
'chicharito' and guillermo back to goya together are chicharito and guillermo
[Applause] [Music]
javier hernández as 'chicharito' and a security guard who hates
exercise guillermo como
William
well
the whole area for which the masses are police
clean [Music]
with dirty shoes
'chicharito' and guillermo
I'm sorry chicharito and guillermo
with emilio estevez lópez as captain peanuts takes octopus
and featuring fernando looking like five legs
safety always comes first
action little money friendship bike pies
explosions
[Music]
'chicharito' guillermo [Music]
after the football show but firmware life game for all